Well for a start let's simply see if it's there.
So here where a check of the form is valid since I have no validator on my image here I will add an
extra check here in on create offer inst.
Basically not continue if the form is invalid or if this form.
Get image value so the value of that image control.
We just edit is not set.
So if that is still knowledge no image was added somehow.
Then I also want to return here because then we don't have a valid form that also means that in the
template of my new offer page where I enable that submit button when the form is valid I want to enable
this when the forum is where I want the disabled is when the form is not valid and I want to all to
disable it.
If the form
image value is not set.
So this is an extra check.
I want to add there at my template as well.
With that let's go back to the new offer page typescript code and there what I want to do eventually
is I want to upload that image to a back and so that we can store it there.
But this will be a second step.
For the moment let's simply console lock this form value year to see if all these values are added and
if the image is stored there correctly as well.
And one minor thing which are all to want to do is on the file picture here.
I'll also add the accept attribute and only accept shaping image has to be in line with the camera plugin
which also gives us only Che pack images.
We do this by adding except image slash Che pack with that.
Let's wait for that to reload.
Here it is.
Let's click take picture.
I can select that here and now let's also fill out the other parts of this form.
So pick a place here.
Enter a description something like Dad pick a starting and ending date here.
And now it's become submit a bill and if I submitted it gets created.
Here is our place and you can see the image was set too and it was set to that file here.
Let's all to try this on a mobile device now so I'll run ionic capacitor run Android to see it on my
android device and see if there we still use the camera because we certainly should not use the file
picture there.
So here I am on Android.
Now let's fill this out.
Munich really great city.
Quite expensive unfortunately pick a date
whips like that that select the location and lets auto locate here and let's take a picture.
Take picture and that does looks good.
We're not using the file picture now of course does not Munich but our dummy preview or dummy image
we get and that looks good.
And now if I submit this we create that place of course right now without uploading the image we haven't
added that functionality yet.